Fixed #36066 -- Documented use of Q objects inside annotations. (#19016)
django/django: docs/topics/db/queries.txt

... would not be valid.

> ``Q`` objects can directly be used inside annotations. For example::

Reviewer: **suggestion:** Hey! My first review in Django, so take this with a grain of salt 😜 🧂 

Any reason this shouldn't be in the `annotate` section of the docs? IMO it would make more sense there as we are expanding on the documentation of functionality of `annotate`, not really the Q objects. 

Additionally, should we be explaining the "Why?" instead of the "What?" Im not convince this sentence provides much value.

Instead the phrasing can be 
```suggestion
``Q`` objects can be used directly in annotations to return a simple boolean expression. This may be useful when checking the existence of a particular condition. For example::
```

Reviewer 2: I think I also agree it would be good to add it in the `annotate` docs as I feel like it reads like it wouldn't be possible. So perhaps something like:
```diff
--- a/docs/ref/models/querysets.txt
+++ b/docs/ref/models/querysets.txt
@@ -258,10 +258,14 @@ you can use :class:`Q objects <django.db.models.Q>` (``*args``).
 .. method:: annotate(*args, **kwargs)
 
 Annotates each object in the ``QuerySet`` with the provided list of :doc:`query
-expressions </ref/models/expressions>`. An expression may be a simple value, a
-reference to a field on the model (or any related models), or an aggregate
-expression (averages, sums, etc.) that has been computed over the objects that
-are related to the objects in the ``QuerySet``.
+expressions </ref/models/expressions>` or :class:`~django.db.models.Q` objects.
+Each object can be annotated with:
+
+* a simple value,  via ``Value()``;
+* a reference to a field on the model (or any related models), via ``F()``;
+* a boolean, via ``Q()``; or
+* a result from an aggregate expression (averages, sums, etc.) computed over
+  the objects that are related to the objects in the ``QuerySet``.
 
 Each argument to ``annotate()`` is an annotation that will be added
```
